From Carrie's Deep Dive Analysis, two key things that stand out are
experiencing transition from active parenting to a retirement and legacy
focused life stage. Two has significant family trauma and complexity in
background. Stood out to me because a lot of the times people stop because they
feel like the act of creation too challenging so like prompting with the
right questions is really important and that's where like the questioning aspect
comes in and for her voice native is the way because she finds writing too
challenging. It's not how she thinks, she's not a journal keeper.
Inheritance, this is the family legacy.
I mean that could be a good sort of...
Who's farting?
I think that's yeah I think it could be a useful like marketing or messaging right
like what is the inheritance you're leaving behind beyond just money.
So this is the four forces table all right and
Why is it not there? For all these customers, if they are a potential customer, the one thing that is clear is like they already have a need for this.
I am not creating a need that doesn't exist. So they need to have gone through at least one phase where they're like hey I care about this and I'm solving for those people.
So for her, she looked around five years back when she first started going to retirement phase and she had a lot of free time, the empty nesting.
So she suddenly had a lot more time and she's like what am I doing with my life?
And the other thing was her dad passed away when he was 62 and she was turning 62.
And she's like I've already had more time with my kids than my dad had in his entire life.
Right?
So I think those kind of key stages is something to think about how it connects to what they want to do and whether we can solve that need for them.
Understanding a customer is there are two things, right? Four things. Basically, they are in a current state where they're not creating anything or they're creating something that they don't like.
Right? And so there's a push away from that. And then there is pull towards something. I want something better.
And then there's like, oh, I don't know if this will solve my need. That's my anxiety.
And the last one is like the habit, which is like I'm already doing this. I'm invested in this.
So it's about like figuring out if there is a good balance that people are actually overcoming their anxiety, overcoming the status quo and saying, you know what?
I hate my current solution and this solution still looks really promising enough to solve the thing that I'm struggling with.
That's the only reason they would switch or they would actually adopt this product.
I think I am like noticing vacancy. Like a lot of these people have a really big hole or gap and they really want that connection.
But just life doesn't make them get that connection because they live in different areas.
I've noticed this with Bob. I've noticed this with her, Callie.
So it's distance. It's something that can bridge the gap between two people now and be a resource for them in the future.
So it's not only about creating something that people use in 10 years and you're not here anymore.
It's also about what connection does it facilitate here today with you and your kids.
Oh, this is another key thing I noticed across multiple people, including yesterday I spoke to Sarah.
Make sure the voice matches.
People really want to make it feel like it's their output, not an AI generated output.
How do you get to do that?
Also, she is one of the people who is actually tried to use some of this and really didn't like the solution.
So I think in terms of like motivation, transformation, witnessing for the creator, even narrating a transformation, like for Uncle Bob, this was true about the transformation that the war and coming back into seemed like a big key moment that he wanted to share.
For Carrie, it was the same thing.
Her transformation for Lanisha, she wanted her transformation to be seen.
Like she's come so far and she wants her family to appreciate that.
So transformation is a huge part of the story arc.
I know I have that need.
Like I like yesterday I was talking about being seen.
It's like I have transformed so much.
Why can't people give me credit for it?
So I think transformation witnessing is a huge aspect of this.
And then the vacancy filling.
That's another thing, especially older generations feel this pinch a lot.
This is truth preservation.
I don't know if it's across multiple different people.
I think these are really good product insights.
They want the voice authenticity.
So how do you train a model that is actually able to replicate and be do justice to the person creating it rather than just like, you know, making it all appear like a general thing.
The second thing is like the guided structure.
How do you prompt it?
Like how can you teach it effective interviewing techniques?
So if you're having a conversation, it's pausing, it's letting you respond and like finishing what you respond.
If you could talk to someone, that's the pitch right there.
That's where I think it's going to vary by customer though.
Not everyone's going to want it to be a person that can talk to.
Some of them are just going to want it to be.
Yeah.
Yeah, I agree.
So I think re-engagement like this is also a key part of designing is like, I don't want this to be an app everyone goes to every single day.
Like I don't want to compete with Facebook's and
But is it going to be like, you want people to input over two years or you want them to input over a three month period?
I want them to think of this as the shelling point or like the place to return to when something significant is happening in their life.
Their birthdays.
Parents funerals.
Wedding days, like significant things.
Birthdays are cyclical, like around like seasons changing.
For the inputter or the receiver?
For both?
See, I have a very different intuition.
Okay, then.
I don't think anyone remembers that they have anything available to them for that long.
I don't remember that I have an app on my phone in 10 years.
I'm not going to remember it three years from now when it's my cousin's wedding.
I'm not going to be like, oh, I'm going to Henry's wedding time to make a note about a wedding.
I'm not going to remember that.
That seems like an entirely too long time horizon.
So, like, this is not from a customer interview.
This is Jessica's intuition.
It seems that having a dedicated time horizon for the inputting and the story capturing keeps it front of mind for people.
Keeps them in the legacy building mindset to say, if I was going to give six months to write down, talk down my top memories, my top points, my top values, I can do it once every two weeks.
But to me, having, like, Uncle Bob doesn't know the apps on his phone.
He doesn't know what's on there if he hasn't used it in the last month.
And so I don't feel that, especially if you're targeting older folks, I don't feel that an indefinite time horizon keeps their attention more than a dedicated time horizon.
Because I think if they're invested in this concept, they're excited when it starts, and you can prompt these things.
You can say, okay, well, when Henry gets married, what's the story you'd want to tell him?
When it's Henry's 21st birthday, what's the story you'd want to tell him?
And you can prompt those moments.
But I really doubt that anyone would keep something active on their phone across multiple years.
It's a good assessment.
I don't, I think one, your phone itself will archive apps that you don't delete, that you don't use for a while.
I don't know the answer to how much, how long it does that for.
Yeah, but we're not there right now.
Yeah, but what I'm saying is, I am not trying to...
What you're notifying is a problem, we still haven't designed a solution.
You think the app is an interface, so that's where you need to...
Well, I'm talking about attention span.
Okay.
How do you keep someone's attention on this?
My intuition, not from a single interview, is that if I went to Aunt Felice and said,
Aunt Felice, I really want to make sure that we can write down your stories.
And I said, can I call you once a month to do an interview?
She would say yes to that for six months, as opposed to, can I call you once a year for the next six years?
Because she doesn't even know that she has six years.
Hmm.
So I'm not talking about the app, the phone call, the whatever.
I'm talking about the attention span for the person who's inputting the stories.
Again, not from an interview, my intuition is that a shorter, concentrated delivery of information, as opposed to a longer, dispersed delivery of information, will keep them engaged.
What about having, testing the option for both?
Hear me out.
No, you have to test.
There are, I do think there should be a sense of urgency, especially for people who are old.
And what I noticed from Sarah's session with her dad was, they had a ritual every week for the next year.
And the pandemic enabled it, but that helped them feel like a sense of completion towards the project.
That's one aspect of it.
Yeah, it does have to be done at some point.
And like, there is one completion part of the legacy.
And then I'm talking also about a Carrie-like person, about like, creating legacy as it happens.
Now, what I'm thinking, at least like hypothesizing as a solution is there are customers who know, and like, it's a key moment.
It's like, hey, I want, I suddenly had this thought, it's my birthday, or I know it's a cousin Trevor's wedding in a few months and the whole family is going to come together.
I want to ask this, or we are all together.
And then suddenly, so we send a text or like an email the way they want it.
And a link up here.
The way who wants it?
The storyteller or the person who asked them to tell the stories?
However, no, the, the, the, the, the, the storyteller communicates.
So it's, if it's email, they get it an email with a link, just say, Hey, it, the email comes from your cousin or the nephew.
And that's it.
So it's the cousin that said, today's my wedding.
I want you to tell me a story.
Yeah.
So the motivation comes from the cousin, not the storyteller.
Yeah, that's what I'm telling you.
Yeah.
But that's not the storyteller's attention span.
What I'm talking about is the storyteller's attention span.
We're talking about two different things.
I hear you, what you're saying.
I'm talking about a different use case.
Okay.
I hear the other use case.
We've completed that.
I agree with you.
There should be a timeframe to the end of the legacy.
And then to keep the engagement.
And then you forget about it.
The problem is that's what I don't want to happen.
It's like those books, Fred's memoir.
Now, because I asked, she picked it up from the shelf, Sarah.
Otherwise it just gathers dust.
Right.
But for people who have completed this and who continue to live longer,
there is still meaning being formed.
That's fair.
Right.
And when those things happen and like the receivers,
once they've gone through this whole exercise,
they now know there is something that's capturing all of this.
So on their birthdays, they ask these questions on like a very tough relationship.
They actually ask these questions and say, how would you respond to this?
Respond to this.
So those things also get captured in a continuing way,
but like more this disparate after.
Right.
Do you think that nobody will want that?
I don't know because like, that's where I'm trying out.
I don't understand your vision of this or maybe it's just still evolving.
That's fine.
But like, that is very different than a thing that asks 25 questions
and records two and a half hours of content from a person.
That's a package.
That's a start to finish, close the loop.
I have 25 questions answered by Aunt Felice.
Then to say, Aunt Felice, you might get a random question once every year.
But like, who has the right to motivate that?
I'm saying, Aunt Felice, my first grandchild was born.
I want you to send an audio recording of what you would tell my grandchild.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Because that diffuses the responsibility for continued engagement.
When it's, I know I have 25 questions to answer in the next six months,
the storyteller owns that process.
But then when you sign up Aunt Felice's 10 grandchildren
to each be able to prompt her for a new question,
no one feels the responsibility at the same time.
It like diffuses the, there's both more potential moments for questions,
and it diffuses responsibility for doing it.
Okay.
The problem you're saying is like, if you don't have that deadline,
then people just won't know.
And my thing is the app is pitched as this.
To want to do your engagement, depending on your frequency,
it just prompts you.
And like someone will, like the family upvotes for instance,
and then you, like they get a message and they do,
or the family can go and interview in person, whatever happens.
So over two years, you collect everything to build a memoir.
And say the person you built the memoir for lives for 10 more years.
Or there are other family members who are approaching that horizon.
Right.
A family is a continued living legacy.
The family is intertwined.
I'm trying to create a matrix of the family.
Right.
So this is basically, this will pass on to the next person.
And how like today you go to Facebook whenever you think about,
Hey, I want to know what my friends are up to.
Or Instagram or whatever people use for doing that.
I want this to be the place whenever there's a significant thing
in the family happening after.
Right.
But they're going to it to ask it.
What would Aunt Felice tell me on my, on my kid's birthday?
Or they're going to it to ask, ask Aunt Felice to answer this new question.
Those are two different things.
Yes.
They could do it for both.
Hmm.
And when they do it, it's not like you're, it's asking you to go to the app.
It's you get a text or you get an email and fill it like in, because at the, one of the
things that will people struggle with and most people struggle with in my opinion is,
uh, like asking you to create a habit for a new thing, but understanding how they communicate
and saying, Hey, you've got a question and that maybe the text directly comes from cousin
Jeremy or whatever.
Right.
And, um, uh, it's the text is from them and say, click this link and just record yourself
and you have time in the next week.
And it is just a continued place where you can keep asking those questions.
I mean, I like it.
I like the concept.
I suspect that will have less engagement.
Again, intuition, not based on interviews because people don't remember things for a
long time if it's not on the front of their mind.
So if I'm cousin Jeremy and two years ago, you sent me the output of my great aunt and
I got to hear her and I got to know that I have this resource to go to her.
I'm not thinking about it two years later when I have a hard day.
I'm not like, aunt Felice is still there.
So I'm either calling her and I'm saying, wow, aunt Felice today was super tough.
So I want to talk to you, but I'm probably not remembering an app I had two years ago or a,
a output I had two years ago.
That's just intuition.
Again, total intuition.
Let's test this out.
Yeah.
I think that's the fun part about this, but a set of questions around if you knew you had
the opportunity to relay this information to the next generation, not only what would
you pay for it, but how much time would you give it?
Maybe you're already asking something.
Mm-hmm.
Can you repeat that?
They need to answer one question and see the output of that one question and already like
it before they know how it's going to become a bigger thing answering 25 questions.
Mm-hmm.
No?
Mm-hmm.
This is what I'm trying to say.
What you are saying is it's a project driven and I'm saying is it depends on the trigger itself.
Is it like birthdays, anniversaries, seasons, is it relational, grandchild milestones, family
events, when, you know, graduation, you know, those kinds of places.
We need to figure out what the actual solution is for the system to know it well.
So it prompts them at the right time to say, Hey, what are you thinking?
Mm-hmm.
Right.
But, and the thematic first memory of fear.
And then I think the other thing is like understanding what they care about, like who are the primary
topics, who are the key relationships, you know, like stories, those are like how you keep
them engaged because people want to see stories and questions that they want to respond to.
Mm-hmm.
Not everyone wants to say what do you think is the meaning of life.
Like maybe I would be interested in doing that.
Sure.
Sure.
Yeah.
Sure.
It's good for the purposes only in hypạnh booming day.
I have the ability to walk to sleep and people who apparently present and see your
