Secrets from the new science of expertise Anders Ericsson and Robert
Poole. Introduction. The Gift. Why are some people so amazingly good at what
they do? Perfect pitch far from being a gift bestowed upon only a lucky few is
an ability pretty much anyone can develop with the right exposure and
training. Perfect pitch is not the gift but rather the ability to develop perfect
pitch is the gift. And this adaptability makes it possible for adults even older
adults to develop a wide variety of new capabilities with the right training.
This happens through dedicated training that drives changes in the brain. This book is
about the gift that Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, Ray Allen and Sakak Kibaras school
children all shared. The ability to create through the right sort of training and
practice abilities that they would not otherwise possess by taking advantage of
the incredible adaptability of the human brain and body. We have far more power
than we ever realized it will take control of our own lives. Learning isn't a
way of reaching one's potential but rather a way of developing it. We can create our
own potential. This approach is called deliberate practice. Basically anyone in
any field who wishes to take advantage of the gift of adaptability in order to build
new skills and abilities. This is the main concern of this book.
Chapter 1 The Power of Purposeful Practice
The Rise of Extraordinary Performance Some examples include from 1908 when John Hayes won the Olympic
Marathon at 2 hours 55 minutes and 18 seconds. Whereas today the Boston Marathon which has
about 30,000 runners. You aren't even allowed to enter it if you can't do a time less than
three hours and five minutes. Which is almost at what John Hayes won the Olympics back in 1908.
Similarly in the 1908 Summer Olympics in men's diving one of the drivers barely avoided serious injury
while attempting a double somersault and officials recommended that it be banned from future Olympic
games because of how dangerous it could be. But today the double somersault is an
entry-level dive with 10 years old 10 year olds nailing it in the competition.
The best divers are doing four and a half somersaults.
And the others the world-class competitors take it even further such as the twister. Two and a half
backward somersaults with two and a half twists added. Purposeful Practice
Naive Practice is essentially doing something repeatedly and expecting that the repetition alone
will improve one's performance. Purposeful Practice on the other hand is much more purposeful and thoughtful.
In particular, it has the following characteristics. Purposeful Practice has well-defined specific goals.
Play the piece all the way through at the proper speed without making a mistake three times in a row.
For a musical student. Purposeful Practice is focused. You seldom improve much without giving the task
your full attention. I.e. deep work is super important.
Purposeful Practice involves feedback. You have to know whether you're doing something right and if not,
how you're going wrong. Without feedback either from yourself or from outside observers, you cannot figure
out what you need to improve on or how close you are to achieving your goals.
Purposeful Practice requires getting out of one's comfort zone. This is perhaps the most important
part of purposeful practice. Someone who shows no sign of ever pushing themselves outside or beyond
what is comfortable and familiar just isn't doing purposeful practice. If you never push yourself beyond your
comfort zone, you will never improve. A good example is Ben Franklin for his passion for chess.
Despite going against his own advice and playing regularly from 6pm until sunrise and despite his brilliance in
other things, as an inventor, as a founder of public lending libraries, he was nowhere close to as good
as the greatest chess players in Europe. That's because he never pushed himself in chess. He never got out of his
comfort zone. Never put in the hours of purposeful practice it would take to improve.
And when you run into something that stops you cold and it seems like you'll never be able to do it,
finding ways around these barriers is one of the hidden keys to purposeful practice.
Generally, the solution is not to try harder, but rather try differently. This is similar to the
Einstein's advice that I can remember. Insanity is doing the same things over and over again, expecting different results.
And the best way to get past any barrier is to work with a teacher or coach. Someone who is already familiar with the sorts of obstacles you're likely to encounter can suggest ways to overcome them.
Whenever you're trying to improve at something, you will run into such obstacles, points at which it seems impossible to progress or at least where you have no idea what you should do in order to improve.
I found that people more often just give up and stop trying to improve.
It is natural that you hit upon these obstacles. What is not natural is a true dead stop obstacle, one that is impossible to get around, over or through.
Meaningful positive feedback is one of the crucial factors in maintaining motivation. It can be internal feedback such as the satisfaction of seeing yourself improve at something or external feedback provided by others.
And it is an important factor if you're indulging in purposeful practice to challenge yourself.
One caveat is that while it's always possible to keep going and keep improving, it's not always easy.
Maintaining the focus and the effort required by purposeful practice is hard work. It is generally not fun.
So the issue of motivation inevitably comes up.
Why do some people engage in this sort of practice? What keeps them going?
Chapter 2. Harnessing Adaptability
The Brains of London Cabbies
The Brains of London Cabbies
Transport for London
Transport for London
is an agency that administers the test called, quote-unquote, the knowledge.
So to achieve the required standard to be a licensed all-London taxi driver, you will need a thorough knowledge of an area within a 6 mile radius of Charing Cross.
The area within 6 miles of Charing Cross contains approximately 25,000 streets.
But a prospective cabbie must be familiar with more than just streets and buildings. Any landmark is fair game.
Research found that the part hippocampus was larger in taxi drivers than in other subjects.
The hippocampus is the seahorse-shaped part of the brain involved in the development of memories.
The hippocampus is particularly engaged by spatial navigation and in remembering the location of things in space.
For instance, in species of birds that store food in different places and thus must be able to remember the location of these various caches have larger hippocampi than those closely related birds that don't store food in different places.
Basically, it's possible to bulk up your brain throughout your life.
The human body is incredibly adaptable.
If you practice something enough, your brain will repurpose neurons to help with the task even if they already have another job to do.
An example is the subjects of three-fingered braille readers who use their index fingers to read patterns of dots that make up individual letters,
their middle fingers to pick out the spaces between the letters,
their ring fingers to keep track of the particular line that they were reading.
The researchers discovered that for the subjects in the study who are braille instructors who use their fingers to read braille several hours each day.
What the researchers discovered was that the steady use of these three fingers had caused the areas of the brain devoted to each of those fingers to grow.
So much of those fingers to grow so much that those areas eventually overlap.
As a result, the subjects were exceptionally sensitive to touch on these fingers.
They could detect a much gentler touch than sighted subjects.
But they couldn't often tell which of the three fingers had been touched.
Therefore, it is possible to shape the brain, your brain, my brain, anybody's brain, in the ways that we desire through conscious, deliberate training.
Challenging homeostasis.
The human body has a preference for stability.
Maintains steady internal temperature, stable blood pressure and heart rate, glucose levels and even pH balance.
The technical term for this is homeostasis, which is the tendency of a system, any sort of system, but most often a living creature or some part of a living creature to act in a way that maintains its own stability.
To harness your body's desire for homeostasis to drive changes, push it hard enough and for long enough and it will respond by changing it in ways that make that push easier to do.
But there is a catch.
Once the compensatory changes have occurred, new muscle fibers or neurons have grown.
You've become more efficient and the body can handle the physical activity that had previously stressed it.
So to keep the changes happening, you have to keep upping the ante, run farther, lift heavier, think harder, push yourself into new domains.
The only difference between the body and the brain is that the cells in the adult brain do not generally divide and form new brain cells except a few things like the hippocampus where new neurons can grow.
Instead, the brain rewires those new networks in various ways by strengthening or weakening various connections between neurons and also by adding new connections or getting rid of old ones.
There can also be an increase in the amount of myelin, the insulating sheath that forms around nerve cells and allows nerves to travel more quickly.
Myelination can increase the speed of nerve impulses by as much as 10 times.
Musicians have more grey matter, the brain tissue that contains neurons, than non-musicians do in various parts of the cortex, including the somatosensory region, touch and other senses, the superior parietal region, sensory input from the hands, and the premotor cortex, planning moments and guiding moments in space.
The inferior parietal lobe, lobule, has significantly more grey matter in mathematicians than in non-mathematicians.
This part of the brain is involved in mathematical calculations and in visualizing objects in space.
This was particularly true when
Neuroscientists examined Albert Einstein's brain.
They found his inferior parietal lobule was significantly larger than average.
Question. Is there a way to do brain imaging to understand that what are the parts of my brain that have significantly developed and what are not significantly developed?
Pilots have more grey matter in several different regions, including the left ventral premotor cortex, the anterior cingulate cortex, and the supplementary eye field.
These regions seem to be involved in such things as learning to control the stick that one uses to fly a glider, comparing the visual signals that one gets when flying with the body balance signals that indicate the orientation of the glider and controlling the movements of the eyes.
For instance, cortical thickness, a way of measuring the amount of grey matter in the brain area, is greater in competitive diverse than in non-diverse in three specific regions, all of which play a role in visualizing and controlling the movements of the body.
Younger brains are more adaptable than adult brains, so training can have larger effects in younger people, mostly children and adolescents.
Building your own potential.
The reason most people don't possess these extraordinary physical capabilities isn't because they don't have the capacity for them, but rather because they are satisfied to live in the comfortable rut of homeostasis and never do the work that is required to get out of it.
They live in the world of good enough.
Chapter 3 Mental Representations
Are chess experts recalling the positions of the entire piece, or are they actually remembering patterns where individual pieces are seen as part of a larger whole?
In essence, are they looking at the systems rather than individual moves?
That makes chess a lot more interesting.
Why did it not occur to me?
It is not about the individual moves that you make.
It is about what is exposed, who is vulnerable, why are they vulnerable?
Oh my god, that's such an insight.
I never really understood it till now.
A good example is...
Ask someone to recall a seemingly random assortment of words verbatim.
Quote
Was smelled from't that his the peanuts he good hunger eating barely woman off so in could that him contain.
Unquote.
But if you ask them the same words rearranged into a sentence that makes clear sense.
Open quote
The woman in front of him was eating peanuts that lack so good that he could barely contain his hunger.
Unquote.
The second arrangement carries meaning that allow us to make sense of the words using pre-existing mental representations.
Even the fact that I was able to read the second thing much faster and smoother makes so much more sense.
So it's the ability to recognize and remember meaningful patterns that help the best chess player develop their abilities.
And anyone who is serious about this will do it mainly by spending countless hours studying games played by the masters.
You analyze a position in depth.
Predict the next move.
If you get it wrong, you go back and figure what you missed.
Research has shown that the amount of time spent in this sort of analysis, not the amount of time spent playing chess with others, is the single most important predictor of a chess player's ability.
The mental representations are more than just a way of encoding positions.
In addition to the positions of the pieces, it reveals the interactions between them, the various weaknesses and strength of two players positions, and moves that are likely to be effective in such positions.
And this is what set the grandmasters apart from the novices or midrange players, their ability to devise much better potential moves when they first examine a position.
The second notable characteristic of mental representations is that while a master will initially analyze a position in terms of general patterns, which is enough when playing a lesser opponent, the representations also allow the master to zero in on individual pieces and mentally move them around the board to see how such moves would change the patterns.
In short, the mental representations give masters a view of the forest that novices lack.
They also allow the masters to zero in on the trees when necessary.
They allow the masters to zero in on the trees.
They allow the masters to zero in on the trees.
That's the key important question.
Zoom in, zoom out that Indra Nui talks about.
The ability to dive into different levels of the system.
The super system, the system and the subsystem.
In the chess game, the super system is the chess match, each individual chess match, and what are your metal patterns across different players.
The system is the game being played, the current game, and how do you win that game.
And the subsystem are the individual moves or combinations of moves.
Even when the skill being practiced is primarily physical, a major factor is the development of proper mental representations in order to improve your skill.
Indeed, one could define a mental representation as a conceptual structure designed to sidestep the usual restrictions that short-term memory places on mental processing.
Indeed, for professional baseball players who are able to consistently hit balls that are pitched towards them at speeds that may exceed 90 miles per hour,
what they have is a set of mental representations developed through years of hitting balls that enable them to quickly recognize what sort of pitch is coming and where it will likely be when it reaches them.
As soon as they see the pitcher's arm come around the ball and leave his hand.
In essence, they've learned to read the pitcher's delivery, so they have less need to actually see how the ball travels before determining whether and where to swing the bat.
And the best way to exactly understand these mental representations are and how they work is fittingly enough to develop a good mental representation of the concept of mental representation.
A good example is planning.
For experienced log climbers, before they begin a climb, they will look over the entire wall and visualize the path that they are going to take.
And this ability to create a detailed mental representation of a climb before embarking on it is something that only comes with experience.
Another example in terms of writing.
When asking a sixth grader about what their strategy when they used to write an essay,
I have a whole bunch of ideas and I write down till my supply of ideas is exhausted.
Then I might try to think of more ideas to put up to the point where you can't get any more ideas that are worth putting down on paper and then I would end it.
This approach has been called knowledge telling.
Expert writers on the other hand do it differently.
First, they figure out what they wanted the book to do.
What did the readers learn about the expertise?
What concepts and ideas were important to introduce?
And how should a reader's idea about training and potential be changed by reading this book?
Next, you start sketching out how we accomplish our goals from the book.
What general topics did we need to cover?
How do we explain what deliberate practice is?
And as you start making the choices, you generally hone your mental representation of the book until you had something that meets all of the goals.
This is basically the outlining technique that you learned back in junior high English class.
Mental representations hold the key to deliberate practice.
The main purpose of deliberate practice is to develop effective mental representations.
And mental representation in turn play a key role in deliberate practice.
It's a recursive loop.
They monitor, so experts monitor and evaluate their performance.
And when necessary, they modify their mental representations in order to make them more effective.
For musicians need to have a clear aural representation.
A clear idea of what a piece should sound like.
The volume, rise and fall, intonation, vibrato, tremolo, harmonic relationship, other notes, including notes played on by other instruments by other musicians.
In fact, more accomplished music students are better able to determine when they had made mistakes and better able to identify difficult sections they needed to focus their efforts on.
Chapter four, the gold standard.
Deliberate practice requires a highly developed field.
Example, some activities such as playing music in pop music groups or solving crossword puzzles, folk dancing.
They don't have standard training approaches and therefore produce unpredictable results.
Whereas other activities like classical music performance, mathematics, ballet are blessed with highly developed broadly accepted training methods.
Deliberate practice applies primarily in the second field, which is the highly developed field.
And the characteristics of these fields.
One.
There are objective ways, or at least semi-objective ways.
One, like the win or loss of a chess competition.
Or semi-objective, such as the evaluation by expert judges, to measure performance.
Two.
They tend to be competitive enough that performers have strong incentive to practice and improve.
Three.
They are generally well established with relevant skills having been developed over decades.
And four.
These fields have a set of performers who also serve as teachers and coaches, who over time have developed increasingly sophisticated set of training techniques that make possible the field steadily increasing skill level.
One, like the most important figure.
Number 2.
Good versus better versus the best.
You can measure it by the total number of hours students spend devoted to solitary practice.
practiced an average of 7400 hours basically the ones who could maintain and
even increase their heavy practice schedule during the course of the years
end up being the top group of violinists in at the Berlin Academy
deliberate practice
develop skills that other people have already figured out how to do and for
which effective training techniques have been established to terror tax
practice takes place outside one's comfort zone three deliberate practice
involves well-defined specific goals and often involves improving some aspect of
the target performance not some vague overall improvement four deliberate
practice is deliberate it requires a person's full attention and conscious
actions five deliberate practice involves feedback and modification of efforts in
response to that feedback such self-monitoring requires effective mental
representations
5
class
class
class
plus
Let's go.
In practice, you need to also identify expert performance and then figure out what they
do that makes them so good and come up with training techniques that allow you to do
it too.
And in determining who the experts are, the ideal is to use some objective measure to separate
the best from the rest.
Subjective judgments are inherently vulnerable to sort of biases.
People swayed by factors like education, experience, recognition, seniority, and even friendliness
and attractiveness when they are judging another person's overall competence and expertise.
A good rule of thumb is to seek out people who work intimately with many other professionals.
Another method is to seek out the persons that professionals themselves seek out when they
need help with a particular difficult situation.
In a field you are already familiar with, think carefully about what characterizes good performance
and try to come up with ways to measure that, even if there must be a certain amount of subjectivity
in your measurement.
Once you have identified the expert performers in a field, the next step is to figure out
specifically what they do that separates them from the others, less accomplished people
in the same field, and what training methods help them get there.
Once you have identified the expert, identify what this person does differently from others
that could explain the superior performance.
And finally, remember, whenever possible, the best approach is almost always to work with
a good coach or a teacher.
Chapter 5 Principles of Deliberate Practice on the Job
The Top Gun School, properly known as the US Navy Strike Fighter Tactics Instructor Program.
The real action happens after the pilots land, and what the Navy call after action reports.
1.
What did you notice when you were up there?
What actions did you take?
Why did you choose to do that?
What were your mistakes?
What could you have done differently?
The Top Gun approach to professional feedback and learning.
Training with immediate feedback, either from a mentor or even a carefully designed computer
program, can be an incredibly powerful way to improve performance.
When you look at how people are trained in the professional and business worlds, you find
a tendency to focus on knowledge at the expense of skills.
The main reasons are tradition and convenience.
It is much easier to present knowledge to a large group of people than it is to set up
conditions under which individuals can develop skills through practice.
The distinction between knowledge and skills lies at the heart of the difference between
traditional paths towards expertise and deliberate practice-based approach.
Deliberate practice focuses solely on performance and how to improve it.
Booknotes, Project E perceptuallyسart Eury Beverly Hills
Project Euryumonia, Note 2.
60 Me, 2.
5.
0c276, 2019
10.
2121
23.
2015
12.
26.
26.
27.
28.
